Copy docs (#56)
reef-technologies/b2-sdk-python: doc/source/quick_start.rst

     'fileName': 'f2_copy.txt',
     'uploadTimestamp': 1561033728000}

> If the content length is not provided, then if file is larger than server small file limit, copy would not success and error would raise. If length is provided, then file may be splitted on parts and be copied as a large file. Maximum copy part size can be set by ``max_copy_part_size`` - if not set it will default to server maximum part size. If ``max_copy_part_size`` lower than :term:`absoluteMinimumPartSize` file would be copied in single request - this may be used to force copy in single request large file that fits in server small file limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the ``content length`` is not provided and the file is larger than 5GB, ``copy`` would not succeed and error would be raised. If length is provided, then the file may be copied as a large file. Maximum copy part size can be set by ``max_copy_part_size`` - if not set, it will default to 5GB. If ``max_copy_part_size`` is lower than :term:`absoluteMinimumPartSize`, file would be copied in single request - this may be used to force copy in single request large file that fits in server small file limit.
```

    >>> bucket = b2_api.get_bucket_by_name(bucket_name)
    >>> for file_version in bucket.list_unfinished_large_files():
            bucket.cancel_large_file(file_version.file_id)

**************
Advanced Usage
**************

Concatenate files
=================

> :meth:`b2sdk.v1.Bucket.concatenate` accepts an iterable of upload sources (either local or remote). It can be used to glue remote files together, back-to-back, into a new file. To support automatic continuation, :meth:`b2sdk.v1.Bucket.concatenate` creates plan before it starts to copy/upload anything. :meth:`b2sdk.v1.Bucket.concatenate_stream` can be used to process large input iterator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:meth:`b2sdk.v1.Bucket.concatenate` accepts an iterable of upload sources (either local or remote). It can be used to glue remote files together, back-to-back, into a new file. To support automatic continuation, :meth:`b2sdk.v1.Bucket.concatenate` creates a plan before it starts to copy/upload anything, saving the hash of that plan in file_info for increased reliability.

:meth:`b2sdk.v1.Bucket.concatenate_stream` can be used to process a large input iterator with limited continuation reliability - it does not create and validate a plan before starting the transfer.
```
